# Meeting 2

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/njuOrvtyaoY" %}

In November 2022 we kicked off the auditability workgroup re-boot. Earlier this week, the second round was held. What were the key highlights?

* Review of the past meeting outcomes
* Received a great presentation from a funded project named Audit Circle
* Discussed potential approaches with a demo of the Milestones module
* Brief outlook into F11 and how to challenge setting may need to evolve
* And closing with a thought to carry for the next time - how are governance elements of the decision-making to be accounted for beyond operational logistics

**Workgroup Meeting #2:**

* Recording from Mar 2: [link here](https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/Q0DgW4bYv6sJ-pGDRqnKu64UXwPjOSGKV7rxfWk1i-9XdXe3jr0e8cq-8u7aFt03.AvRgR2utv55ATOj-)
* Next meeting? Target second half of April 2023
* The group worked [out of this miro board.](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOQvpE34=/?moveToViewport=366466,-169165,40257,20521\&embedId=996049389032%22%20frameborder%3D%220%22%20scrolling%3D%22no%22%20allowfullscreen%3E%3C%2Fiframe%3E)&#x20;
  * Please review the topics as weâ€™ll build upon our conversations further.
  * You'll find there also spaces where to take the conversation further

This invite was circulated via email sign-up list as well if you have done so previously. If you haven't yet - please [reply to this forum post](https://forum.cardano.org/t/auditability-workgroup-meeting-2-mar-2-3pm-utc-youre-invited/114677) and I will pick up your intent there. Thank you in advance.&#x20;
