---
description: 'Scheduled date/time of meeting : 1600 UTC, Thursday, 17th March 2022'
---

# Audit Circle Meeting #2

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/oWgrf0gnaxA" %}

## Attendees:

| Name                | Role          |
| ------------------- | ------------- |
| Eric Helms          | SCATDAO       |
| George Lovegrove    | PACE          |
| Matthias Sieber     | CEO Loxe Inc  |
| Ron Hill            | CEO of SPOCRA |
| Phil Khoo           | AIM           |
| Stephen Whitenstall | QADAO         |
| Thorsten Pottebaum  |               |
| Vanessa Cardui      | QADAO         |
| Andre Diamond       | Treasury      |
| Miroslav Rajh       | Treasury      |

## Apologies

| Name     | Role                             |
| -------- | -------------------------------- |
| Jo Allum | Auditability Challenge Team Lead |

## Information

**Project Board** - [https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1](https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1)

**F7 Ideascale Proposa**l - [https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/381354](https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/381354)

**F8 Ideascale Proposal** - https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/399163

**GitBook** - https://quality-assurance-dao.gitbook.io/catalyst-audit-circle/

## Agenda

## 1) Introduction

Updates - possible secretary role to be filled. Can we share minutes updates today for time being

## 2) Audit Circle Treasury

**Andre & Mirolav** - updates on Treasury setup, member payments, costs & expenses.- 5 minutes

System has been set up and people are paid for meeting attendance

## 3) Town Hall Slides

#### 5 minutes

**Stephen -** The Town Hall Slides should alternate between Governance Oversight & Audit Circle. With slides for the Audit Circle presented the day before the meeting.&#x20;

There was no one available to present yesterday - can someone commit to presenting at Town Halls going forward ?.&#x20;

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Action :**  Who will commit to presenting Audit Circle Slides at the Town Hall of the 13th April 2022 onwards ?
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
&#x20;**Decision:** Ron will present next time at Town Hall - Stephen has prepared a slide template, Ron and Stephen to work on it in Discord. It will need to be an intro to what we are as a group and what we do.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Question:**  do we need an ATH for next few weeks to support the survey process? It’s not in scope of the proposal - Thorsten / Stephen
{% endhint %}

## 4) Project Catalyst Weekly Newsletter

#### 5 Minutes

\
**Everyone** - Stephen is liaising with Daniel Ribar on including a summary/soundbites of the Audit Circle meetings in the Project Catalyst Weekly Newsletter. Can we take some time at the end of this meeting to suggest what we would like to focus on.

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Action :** Suggest summary of this meeting at the end.
{% endhint %}

## 5) Fund 8 - Audit Circle F8 Proposal Assessments

#### 5 Minutes

All members - Review Fund 8 Proposal ([https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/399163](https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/399163)) Assessments [https://quality-assurance-dao.gitbook.io/audit-circle/proposal-reporting/fund-8-proposal/assessments](https://quality-assurance-dao.gitbook.io/audit-circle/proposal-reporting/fund-8-proposal/assessments)

One proposal flagged that basically said “idk”

All to look at assessments - useful to see how the project is perceived

## 6) Audit Circle Project Board Overview

#### 5 Minutes

**Stephen** - A brief review of the current Audit Circle Project Board

[https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1](https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1)&#x20;

## 7) Scope & Deliverables of Audit Circle

#### 25 Minutes

**All members** - The present summary of Audit Circle’s scope is :

“The Audit Circle will survey, facilitate retrospectives and report on funded proposal audit processes,”

## Survey deliverables

### 1 The Funded Proposal reporting system - 10 minutes

**Qualitative data gathering (Survey deliverable)**

Action from previous meeting : Gather more qualitative data in respect of what should be on the funded proposal monthly reporting form. Go out to other funded proposers & gather informal feedback - Matthias

Gathered some qualitative data - side conversations - victor - reporting deemed as friction.

Reporting should ideally help with:

* Marketing
* Internal progress report
* Solicit helpful advice/partnership
* Keep proposers accountable
* Excellent reporting should have additional bonuses

Excellent reporting reward - Phil - Bonus system - Matt

Report fest - Phil

Weekly cadence - Matt

weekly for every project would be a heavy administrative burden on all.  once every 2-3 weeks would be the most I'd want, on the oversight front - Randall

Fluid opp - weekly opportunity nice - Randall

Call out blockers - solutions from others - collob - problem sensing - easy acces point - open data - George

Proposer side - who engaged audience here ? - Voters want to see simple dashboard - Ron

IOG & CT operate reports in secret - confidentiality issues ? - Phil

Not in line in open discussion - Phil&#x20;

### **Google Form Design & Implementation (Survey deliverable)**

Planned Action : A Google form that is short & easy to complete. In a meeting where funded proposers gather - e.g. coordinator meetings or a Town Hall breakout. But needs to have sufficient responses to be valid. Commence after Matthias has done some sensing. Vanessa / Phil.

What are we surveying ? Community perception of auditing ? From proposers (external) - from IOG (internal) - from voter etc - current status of auditing - role of Audit oversight group - what could we be responsible for - Phil&#x20;

Submit multiple times - Van

Different perspectives - good idea - regular quick & easy questions - Risk questions ? - Ron&#x20;

Audit purpose - mitigate risk or issue - potential problems with Cat - funded proposal - biggest concerns - how to improve auditing to address. Assurance of delivery - tabs on people - Eric

Overall goal - successfully meeting challenge setting ? - Matt

Invite Eric to Oversight Discord to join conversation - Stephen

{% hint style="info" %}
**Action** - deliver next 2 weeks (audit meeting 3) - Phil / Vanessa
{% endhint %}

### **Where do I go ?  (Survey deliverable)**

Planned Action : Where do I go ? - “where is the human” - shape a deliverable - Jo. CT 1 to 1 mentoring - Phil - CT good suggestion for oversight - Matt

How to catch needs & expectations - interested parties - dialogue helps - survey questions may be off mark - Thorsten

{% hint style="info" %}
**Action -** next two weeks ATH - Audit - Thorsten / Stephen/ Matt - survey prep&#x20;
{% endhint %}

### 2 Organizing retrospectives or workshops - 10 Minutes

### **Audit Circle - Office Hours**

Planned Action : Audit Circle - Office Hours - conversation with Pacific TH or other THs or communities - Matthias

{% hint style="info" %}
**Action** - Start next week PTH - Matt - talk to Nori
{% endhint %}

### **Using Tik Tok for async updates**

Planned Action : Using Tik Tok for async updates - suggested by Nori - Matt -When you do not meet milestones - weekly check-ins

As above - Loom mentioned in Gimbalabs TPBL work - what is the purpose of this aysnc - how fit into our deliverable - suggestions - Matt - next funding to pick up changes

### **Using Coordinator meetings for retrospectives**&#x20;

Planned Action : How to approach and compile information

The direction of the coordinator - how can Audit Circle use - Vanessa

{% hint style="info" %}
**Action** - Useful info - the status coord meetings - Stephen to clarify&#x20;
{% endhint %}

### 3 Researching, preparing and presenting a report - 5 minutes

{% hint style="info" %}
**Planned Action :** Prepare template & format for final F7 report. Deadline : 26th May 2022&#x20;
{% endhint %}

## Fund 7 Proposal Reporting - 5 Minutes

**All members -** The first monthly report was submitted on 24th March 2022 (https://quality-assurance-dao.gitbook.io/audit-circle/proposal-reporting/fund-7-proposal/f7-monthly-reports) - 5 minutes

## Any Other Business - 5 Minutes

Over run time - - 5 minutes

Legitimacy & participation&#x20;

Incorporate in survey form&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
**Next Meeting** : 1600 UTC, 14th April 2022
{% endhint %}

Leave Google invite as is&#x20;

Update with Randall’s email&#x20;
