---
description: 'Scheduled date/time of meeting : 1600 UTC, Thursday, 9th June 2022'
---

# Audit Circle meeting #6

## Audit Circle Meeting #6

Video coming soon

## Attendees

|                     |                         |
| ------------------- | ----------------------- |
| Matthias Sieber     | Loxe Inc                |
| Ron Hill            | SPOCRA                  |
| Stephen Whitenstall | QA-DAO                  |
| Thorsten Pottebaum  |                         |
| Vanessa Cardui      | QA-DAO                  |
| Andre Diamond       | Treasury Guild          |
| Miroslav Rajh       | Treasury Guild          |
| Eric Helms          | SCATDAO                 |
| Megan Widney        | Documentation / minutes |

#### Apologies

|                  |                                  |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Jo Allum         | Auditability Challenge Team Lead |
| George Lovegrove | PACE                             |
| Phil Khoo        | AIM                              |

### Information

**Project Board** - [https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1](https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1)

## Audit Circle Treasury

Andre (0:37) Enough ADA in wallet to pay Megan for the minutes of this meeting, and for one more Town Hall Slides, which will leave about 125 ADA. Then there's one final installment of $4,233 to come.

Thorsten (2:49) And that has to fund the closing report and video.

## Town Hall Slides

{% hint style="info" %}
**Issue :** [https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/23](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/23)
{% endhint %}

Stephen (3:23) Didn't pursue TH Slides yesterday; wad thinking we should hold back till we have final report, and present the report then, and that would be our close-out video - so that TH Slides payment would fund the close-out video, in effect.

## F8 Proposal

{% hint style="info" %}
**Issue :** [https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/2](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/2)
{% endhint %}

Audit Circle F8 did not get funded. Unfortunate, but we have agreed asynchronously to maintain the Audit Circle space in the CGO Discord server as a place to discuss audit issues; and we intend to try and meet occasionally even though unfunded, and maybe run a workshop or discussion with the wider community.

## Project Board Review

{% hint style="info" %}
**Issue :** [https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/2](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/2)
{% endhint %}

**Stephen** (4:29) We had planned a retrospective discussion between ourselves - but our meagre budget won't really allow it.\
\
In progress is:

* **the external survey**
* **the production of a final report**
* **2 forms qualitative data-gathering**
* **internal survey to IOG**  Idea is for this to be via a meeting with Khalid and maybe Danny or Kriss, looking mainly at the monthly reporting process. \
  Questions: Vanessa has drafted some, based on our discussions in meetings and our problem-sensing. \
  General agreement that we do want to do such a meeting, especially to see how far apart IOG's view and the community's view of these issues is. \
  Agreed that everyone interested will go into the doc and add/edit the questions. \
  BUT concern about time and capacity, and what sort of meeting we would have - a live Zoom, or just give IOG the questions and ask for a written reponse? **Matthias (31:19)** - could be a hybrid approach - get written responses from IOG first, then have a Zoom meeting to dig into some of them in more detail..\
  <mark style="color:red;">**ACTION ITEM**</mark>: All to edit the Internal Survey questions doc, and prioritise 5 or 6 questions by moving favourite ones to the top of the list: by 17th June.\
  <mark style="color:red;">**ACTION ITEM:**</mark> Once questions are agreed, we will decide async exactly what we're asking IOG for - a meeting, or written response, or perhaps both? Aim for a meeting in last week of June? Stephen to contact IOG initially, to gauge interest and availability.\
  \


## Scope & Deliverables of Audit Circle

### Qualitative data gathering (Survey deliverable)

{% hint style="info" %}
**Issue :** [https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/5](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/5)
{% endhint %}

**2 forms qualitative data-gathering are in process**. \
One is from Matthias, via the Gimbalabs Playground he led- documentation of it is in progress. \
\
The other, from Thorsten and Stephen, was meant to be via an ATH covering SWOT analysis of monthly reporting, but sadly nobody turned up.\
\
<mark style="color:red;">**ACTION ITEM:**</mark> Thorsten and Stephen to decide whether there is capacity to reschedule their SWOT After TownHall; or take it to a different Town Hall e.g. ETH, or as a Swarm session; or cancel

### Google Form Design & Implementation (Survey deliverable)

{% hint style="info" %}
**Issue :** [https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/6](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/6)
{% endhint %}

Survey is closed now; 46 respondents; not bad!\
Ron, Phil and Vanessa are working on interpretation; others welcome to join if interested\
<mark style="color:red;">**ACTION ITEM:**</mark> Vanessa, Ron, Phil to draft an interpretation of the external survey by 17th June.

### Researching, preparing and presenting a report

{% hint style="info" %}
**Issue :** [https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/10](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/10)
{% endhint %}

Timescale for this will depend on progress on the Internal Survey to IOG, but ideally end of June.

## Fund 7 Proposal Reporting

{% hint style="info" %}
[https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/28](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/28)
{% endhint %}

**Stephen (39:55)** Reporting for May was done - not very much detail, but our June report and close-out report will make up for it.

## AOB

**Stephen (40:27)** Danny's newsletter: Please add any ideas in Discord. So far, the suggestion is to say that Audit Circle hopes to continue even though unfunded, and to advertise the Discord.

Recording ends **41:29**



