---
description: 'Scheduled date/time of meeting : 1600 UTC, Thursday, 12th May 2022'
---

# Audit Circle Meeting #5

## Audit Circle Meeting #5

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/BFPrYaY7SWQ" %}
Audit Circle Meeting #5 - YouTube Recording
{% endembed %}

### Attendees:

|                     |              |
| ------------------- | ------------ |
| Matthias Sieber     | CEO Loxe Inc |
| Ron Hill            | SPOCRA       |
| Phil Khoo           | AIM          |
| Stephen Whitenstall | QADAO        |
| Thorsten Pottebaum  |              |
| Vanessa Cardui      | QADAO        |
| Andre Diamond       | Treasury     |
| Miroslav Rajh       | Treasury     |
| Megan               |              |

#### Apologies

|                  |                                  |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Eric Helms       | SCATDAO                          |
| George Lovegrove | PACE                             |
| Jo Allum         | Auditability Challenge Team Lead |

### Information

**Project Board** - [https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1](https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1)

## Audit Circle Treasury

(0:45)

Updates from Andre & Miroslav

**Andre**: Only 1 payment from IOG still has to come in. \~$4,233 USD. We still need to pay this group, and that payment will be $4,000. After we pay Megan and Ron, there’s ±2,000 ADA left for Deliverables, plus $230.

### Concerns about market exchange rates for ADA

**Stephen** - We don’t usually spend much time on Treasury, but, given what’s going on in the markets, we should. The decision we had made previously was to hold on to the ADA, as ADA, in the wallet, and to wait until we had come to the closing of the project, then to have a final meeting and divide it up – what we should pay all of us between us, what we between us equally – but the market value of ADA is going down, so how would the group like to proceed? We could pay each other now (option 1), we could hold on to it, with the potential of it going down even further (option 2). We don’t have the option of putting it into a Stablecoin; we’re not set up for that.

**Phil**: and that last payment will come when we do our Close-Out Report, right? Unrelated Andre & Miro (treasury) confirmed, yes.

**Stephen**: that’s still a month away, and we don’t know what the market will do. We do have some ADA left, right, Andre?

**Andre**: yes, 2,750 ADA left in the wallet.

**Phil**: what was that meant to pay for?

**Stephen**: for “Regular Costs,” which are to pay Megan for notes/“minutes” and Ron for the Town Hall slides. Everything else is for Deliverables. We could account for that, cuz we know when we’re gonna pay Megan and Ron. We could pay that in advance? We could also pay out all the remainder to each other as well.

**Miro**: we have to pay attention to the exchange rate. Had been $0.91, today it’s less than half that. ADA can drop considerably between when IOG sends the ADA and when we pay members for work.

**Vanessa**: is the payment that’s still to come the payment that’s conditional upon us doing a report? Stephen: yes. Vanessa: we won’t be writing the Report for well over a month, and who knows where the market price of ADA will be then

**Phil**: (5:27) that’ll be in USD equivalent, so that doesn’t matter, that payment.

**Stephen**: let’s vote or discuss in Discord how to proceed regarding payout. How to pay out or divide the remainder among everyone.

**Phil**: Andre was motioning to distribute the rest now.

**Andre**: yes. The last IOG payment can go straight to meeting attendance, then there will be \~$230 left. We can distribute it now, share the $2,000, keep the $750 for the meeting minutes and Town Hall slides.

**Stephen**: we don’t know where the price is going to go, due to the prices going down. We’re gonna lose regardless. Phil: does anyone dissent to paying it out now? Take a vote, regarding dividing the $2,000 we have remaining among our wallets?

George would rather wait and analyze a bit.

**Stephen**: Theoretically it was supposed to be for Deliverables, but there’s a sense of urgency right now (given the market price). Let’s take a vote as soon as possible, to pay out as soon as possible.

## Town Hall Slides

(9:46)

**Ron** We did the slides and tried to draw attention to the Survey that we had. (screen share to Catalyst Audit Circle 5 Town Hall Presentation slides) Ron sent a message to Danny, hoping to get this onto IdeaScale and onto the Catalyst announcement channel. (screen share to GitHub.com/projects/7/views/1 at 10:30; back to Google Docs notes 10:31)

**Ron**: Does anyone else want to do it next time? I don’t have to do it each time. “You’re doing great”

**Matthias** would like to see more diversity, noticed all the faces at Town Hall yesterday (30:04 of Town Hall recording): would like to put Vanessa on the spot, if she’s up for it **Vanessa** doesn’t want to be “tokenized”. It’s not that she’s not up for it. Ron did it very well.

**Stephen** encourages others to do it, to get the feel for what it’s like and how it feels; welcomes new participation to “mix it up”

## Fund 8 - Audit Circle F8 Proposal

5 Minutes (12:31)

Depends on whether we get funded for Fund8. Votes should come in tomorrow. Let’s wait and see whether Audit Circle gets funded for Fund8.

## Project Board Review

(13:18) (screen share back over to GitHub/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/ at 13:28)

To-Do: newsletter. If you have anything to put in, let us know.

In-Progress: Pacific Town Hall office hours, Proposal, Survey Design, Gathering Qualitative Data

Completed: Town Hall slides, and the last newsletter (screen share back to Audit Circle Meeting #5 at 14:31)

## Scope & Deliverables of Audit Circle

25 Minutes (14:31)

### Qualitative data gathering (Survey deliverable)

{% hint style="success" %}
**Issue :** [https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/5](https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-Circle-Coordination/issues/5)
{% endhint %}

**Matthias** linked the recording to the GitHub issue, did an analysis. His reactions would be biased, so he needs someone else to look at the recording and see what was being said”

**Vanessa**: “how long is that meeting?”

**Matthias**: The whole Gimbalabs Playground session was about 1h30m; it was about 80 minutes Vanessa might have a look, from the QA-DAO transcription service. Did it feel like an important meeting that should be transcribed and shared more widely?

**Matthias** Yes. Will link to the Miro Board that was used Vanessa will do that early next week (16-20 May)

**Stephen**: let’s do some documentation of that. That’ll help feed into what we’re working on, of Qualitative Data, for Fund7.

### Google Form Design & Implementation (Survey deliverable)

(17:58) Vanessa, Phil, Ron. Updates

**Vanessa**: we did it, it’s out, Ron launched it last night (Weds 11 May). Vanessa has posted it all over the Catalyst Telegram and Discord. Can other people post it too? We’ll probably also need to do a re-post in about a week We’ve only had 8 responses so far. The process of putting it together was alright. Let’s wait and see what kind of results we get. Will it be us 3 that analyze it also when the results come in?

**Phil**: what was the close date we put on that? May 29th was the close date

**Phil**: we might need to have a special interim meeting

**Stephen**: wait until the results are in? To look at the data?

**Thorsten**: both.

**Phil**: last Fund, did a funded-voter survey to 4,000 Japanese ADA holders, and only got 100 replies. And that was incentivized!

Vanessa: all the places (Coordinator, Funded Proposer meetings) that the Survey is being mentioned. “Proof of Life” is for people who have never been funded before Confusion about potential parameter changes regarding Challenge Teams requirements for Proof of Life (still in 5.1.2)

**Phil** Did you post it to the Proposer Telegram chat?

**Stephen**: Bring it up in any meetings where there’s going to be Funded Proposers (Stephen) Any other thoughts or feelings?

Moving on to 5.1.3.

### 5.1.3. Where do I go ? (Survey deliverable)

Originally posted by Jo, “where do I go” Stephen would like to do another ATH

**Thorsten**: 18th ATH might work Stephen: last time we kept it quite open. Should we focus in this time? Like potentially focus on the monthly report?

**Thorsten**: Ron: survey question 9 or 10, the checklist of what’s mandatory or useful, might be a valuable point for an After Town Hall.

**Stephen**: “what should be mandatory?”

**Stephen** (29:01) Should we refer to the Survey, and use the questions asked there as possible ways to frame the After Town Hall discussion?

**Thorsten**: Challenge Teams, what are they good for? Help without accountability?

Ron’s idea: referring to the Survey as a framing device

Thorsten (31:20) potential that people might rant about certain things again, therefore he’d rather have a more concrete Proposal

Vanessa (32:07) the Survey gets more the Proposer’s view on Audit; maybe have the After Town Hall the community wants to know what projects are doing (Proposer’s perspective vs community perspective). If we focus it too much around the Survey then we’re getting the same views.

Vanessa: conundrum, of people wanting to know how to hold Proposers to account, “how do we audit it?” The Survey looks at monitoring and evaluation Phil: “Proposal Reporting: Proposal and Community”

Stephen: “Maybe we should be looking for something more solution-based”

Matthias: during Gimbalabs, discussion about updating the community

Vanessa: backtrack to Survey (5.1.2.): there’s an internal and an external survey. Google Form is an External Survey, Internal is like Matthias’ Qualitative Data, problem-sensing. Would like a Focus-Group or something to send to IOG. Could we talk about this further, Matthias?

(revisiting Item 5.1.3 for the Survey)

Thorsten: when you figure out when you’re gonna chat, could you put it on Discord, so folks could join that might be interested

Stephen: maybe schedule a meeting with IOG? Focus-Group meeting with pre-briefing. It’s not really relevant to Harris, cuz he’s more into governance. TK, Marek, Danny, Kriss, Khalid

Stephen: what about timing? After the survey? Vanessa: we need to collate it in with the report, so what about the last week of the survey? Week of the 23rd. Stephen put that as an Action

On to item

### Researching, preparing and presenting a report&#x20;

(41:28)

How to coordinate who does what: owners? Who works together? Do we want to do \[teams Stephen said]. Yes, teams.

\
Action: Postpone meeting 6 for Final Report

Stephen: don’t want the meeting to clash with Community Governance Oversight meeting. Postpone to 9th June 2022 Postponing so we have time to “digest” the Survey results, to prepare

Matthias: Qualitative stuff, can be helped by Stephen. Stephen and Thorsten on \[??]. Ron, Phil, Vanessa: Survey Results

On the final meeting will be a review of the Final Report, and the Survey Results

(over to https://github.com/orgs/Catalyst-Auditing/projects/7/views/1 at 45:28) We’ll also have to discuss the IOG Final Report…

Vanessa: can’t we use our Final Report for the IOG report?

Stephen: was thinking about altering some of the beginning of the report (“preamble”)

## Fund 7 Proposal Reporting&#x20;

(47:19) Stephen: was from 24th April 2022. Stephen is documenting them. This is what they look like: (screen share pan to) Catalyst Audit Circle - F7 Monthly Reports Phil: might add what the Survey is up to Stephen: other places to refer to the Survey Eric: good idea about putting the link to the survey into the Reporting (49:10) Thorsten: use the “Optional: Please share any suitable Evidence of Progress.” to embed the Survey Stephen: let’s ask if they can put that in. Good point, Eric. Get in touch with Khalid?

## Any Other Business

&#x20;(51:07) If anyone wants to put the summary or any content from this week’s meeting in the newsletter, there’s a thread in Discord to do that George: to share the Survey a bit wider, Tweet from QA-DAO, so we can reTweet, or he shares on https://forum.cardano.org/ to get people to see, and on the Cardano Reddit George: last concern: split between what was left with the Deliverables Stephen: we had the “luxury” of sitting on the ADA before, but with the value going down, now we don’t

(recording stopped 17:55 UTC)
