---
description: 'Scheduled date/time of meeting : 1800 UTC, Thursday, 17th March 2022'
---

# Audit Circle Meeting #1

{% embed url="https://youtu.be/qobDilFrls8" %}
Audit Circle Meeting #1 - YouTube Recording
{% endembed %}

### Attendees:&#x20;

| Name                 | Organisation                        | Status |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------ |
| Andre Diamond        | Treasury                            |        |
| George Lovegrove     | PACE                                |        |
| Jo Allum             | F7 Auditability Challenge Team Lead |        |
| Matthias Sieber      | CEO Loxe Inc                        |        |
| Miroslav Rajh        |  Treasury                           |        |
| Phil Khoo            |  AIM                                |        |
| Ron Hill             |  CEO of SPOCRA                      |        |
| Stephen Whitenstall  |  QADAO                              |        |
| Thorsten Pottebaum   |                                     |        |
| Vanessa Cardui       |  QADAO                              |        |

### Apologies:

| Name       | Organization  | Status |
| ---------- | ------------- | ------ |
| Eric Helms | SCATDAO       |        |

## Information

| Description                         | Link                                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Audit Circle F7 Ideascale Proposal  | [https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/381354](https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/381354) |
| Audit Circle F8 Ideascale Proposal  | [https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/399163](https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/399163) |
| GitBook                             | https://quality-assurance-dao.gitbook.io/catalyst-audit-circle/                            |

## Agenda

## 1) Audit Circle Treasury

Andre & Mirolav - updates on Treasury setup, member payments, costs & expenses.- 5 minutes

## 2) Meeting Times

Stephen - 1800 UTC is too late for Eric Helms - is an earlier time possible ? - 5 minutes

1700 UTC ?

## 3) Town Hall Slides

Stephen - The Town Hall Slides should alternate between Governance Oversight & Audit Circle. With slides for the Audit Circle presented the day before the meeting. This week due to proposal workload slides were skipped. - 5 minutes

Action :  Who would like to present Audit Circle Slides at the Town Hall of the 30th March 2022 ?

Jo, George or Ron

## 4) Fund 8 - Audit Circle Proposal

Stephen - The Fund 8 Audit Circle Proposal has been submitted ([https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/399163](https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/399163)) and is based on the Fund 7 proposal.  - 5 minutes

## 5) Scope of Audit Circle

All members - The present summary of Audit Circle’s scope is :

“_The Audit Circle will survey, facilitate retrospectives and report on funded proposal audit processes,_” - **15 minutes**

Possible areas to focus on :

* **The reporting system** - _George_ highlighted looking at common, open-source tools and access to funded proposal reporting data. _Matthias_ - a survey of the amount of funded proposals, how to maximize Return on Intention and incentivize careful planning.
* &#x20;**Oversight of Challenge Teams** (CT) - _Phil_ - In particular to check their methods & processes  - _George_ - Agrees. We should extend an invite to CT team members on Audit Circle. _Phil_ - Perhaps a specific rep for CT. _Stephen_ - A few Audit Circle members are already on CT. (But we could invite specfic guests ?).
* **Auditing how we audit**. Common knowledge - _Jo_
* **Auditing processes that are already in place** - _Vanessa_  - such as how CTs operate and the new reporting form. _Ron_ - echo - defining what these methods / process are we should overseeing. _George & Stephen_ - track IOG thinking on changing report formats. Reference the Audit GitBook / things we can audit - _George_ - collab with Matthias to establish real world concerns
* **Proposal financials** -&#x20;

NOT : Auditing individual proposals&#x20;

This focus will form the basis of our Fund 7 proposal reporting.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Action** : Decide an area to focus on.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

## 6) Deliverables

_All members - Given a decision or direction on scope what deliverables do members wish to commit to ?_ - **15 minutes**

### Survey design, implementation & execution

#### Due - 26th May 2022

#### Gather more qualitative data

I would like to gather more qualitative data to establish what should be on the funded proposal monthly reporting form. Will go out to other funded proposers and gather informal feedback - _Matthias_

#### _Survey Options_

Using survey feedback funded proposal monthly reporting form - Ron

Google form - short & easy to complete esp in a meeting where funded proposers gather - e.g. co-ordinator meetings or even Town Hall - and needs to have sufficient responses to be valid.  Vanessa / Phil  - After Matt has done some sensing - how can reporting for better ROI - Matt -&#x20;

Where do I go ? - human resources - Jo - “where is the human” - shape a deliverable - CT 1 to 1 mentoring - Phil - CT good suggestion for oversight - Matt

### Organizing retrospectives or workshops

#### Due - 26th May 2022

Audit Circle - Office Hours - conversation with Pacific TH or other THs or communities - Matt

Using Tik Tok for async updates - suggested by Nori - Matt -When you do not meet milestones - weekly check-ins - coordinator meeting not fit for purpose - long form not accessible - Matt

Next Tuesday Coordinator meeting - go from room to room - Vanessa

How many people go to a coordinator meeting usually? we should try and keep a note

CT taking over funded proposal feedback loop from coordinator meeting - Phil K

Short form videos - Ron

Each of us communicate that Audit Circle exists etc. in coord breakout room - Phil&#x20;

Make it informal to start with - mix it up - Matt&#x20;

Do not say “Audit Circle” - we are a community auditing group - Phil&#x20;

For transparency - tell people who we are - Vanessa

Keep confidentiality - Matt

Networking opps in coord meetings - support for building on Cardano - community component - Matt&#x20;

Auditors adding support - guidance on countermeasures -&#x20;

NB : Funded Proposal Sub Circle can also get involved - Vanessa

Use coordinator meetings to do breakout sessions retrospectives - asking about peoples experience - attach survey - so quantitative / qualitative accommodated for - Phil

### Researching, preparing and presenting a report

#### Due - 26th May 2022&#x20;

Evolve naturally - Stephen

{% embed url="https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-and-Oversight-Coordination/issues/28" %}

### Preparing a Fund 8 Audit Circle proposal

#### Due - 17th March 2022

{% hint style="info" %}
Completed & Submitted by Stephen
{% endhint %}

{% embed url="https://github.com/Catalyst-Auditing/Audit-and-Oversight-Coordination/issues/29" %}

### 7) Fund 7 Proposal Reporting

All members - A decision on scope and deliverables will be reported to IOG in this proposals first monthly report on 24th March 2022 - 5 minutes

{% hint style="info" %}
**Action :** What should our initial report include ?
{% endhint %}

### 8) Any Other Business

Over run time - - 5 minutes

_Thorsten Pottebaum_ - Include the voter perspective - what do voters want to know in terms of audit re the proposals they voted for?&#x20;

Should a survey also include voters’ perspective on audit?

### Next Meeting

{% hint style="info" %}
1800 UTC, 31st March 2022
{% endhint %}

\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
